== Mouse input and more lists, dictionaries and images ==
-------
Mouse events, list methods, iteration and list comprehension, dictionaries, load and drawing images.

=== Mouse events — Mouse input ===

The mouse clicked event handler is triggered when the mouse is clicked. The handler is registered via <code>set_mouseclick_handler</code>.
The mouse dragged event handler is triggered when the mouse is clicked and dragged. This handler is registered via <code>set_mousedragged_handler</code>.
The variable passed to each of these handlers is the position of the mouse in canvas coordinates when the event is triggered.

=== List methods — List methods ===
Given a list <code>lst</code>, the methods <code>lst.append()</code>, <code>lst.extend()</code> add a single element and an entire list to the end of the list <code>lst</code>, respectively.
The list method <code>lst.index()</code> returns the index of an item in a list.
The list methods <code>lst.remove()</code>, <code>lst.pop()</code> remove item by its value and its index, respectively, from the list.
The list methods <code>lst.reverse()</code>, <code>lst.sort()</code> reverse and sort the list, respectively.

Iteration and list comprehension

A iterable object is one that is capable of returning its members one at a time.
Strings, lists, dictionaries and sets are examples of iterable objects.
The compound statement <code>for x in lst: ...</code> successively assigns x to elements of the iterable object lst and executes the body of the statement with this assignment.
The expression <code>[exp for x in lst]</code> is a list comprehension associated with the list <code>lst</code>. Its value is the list generated by assigning <code>x</code> to be successive elements in <code>lst</code> and evauating <code>exp</code>.

Dictionaries — Dictionaries

A dictionary <code>d</code> is a collection of pairs of the form <code>key:value</code> enclosed in curly brackets <code>{}</code>.
Given a key <code>k</code>, the Python expression <code>d[k]</code> returns the value <code>v</code> associated with the key.
New items can be added to the dictionary via assignments <code>d[key] = val</code>.

Loading and drawing images — Images

The SimplGUI function <code>load_image</code> takes the URL for an image and loads it into CodeSkulptor.
The methods <code>image.get_width()</code> and <code>image.get_height()</code> return the width and height of a loaded image. Note that these methods return zero while the image is loading.
<code>draw_image</code> takes an image and a source rectangle and draws the portion of the image, restricted to the source rectangle, onto a destination rectangle on the canvas.
<code>draw_image</code> supports transparency via alpha channels in <code>.png</code> images.
CodeSkulptor assets (images and sounds) can be stored in Dropbox and loaded via a public URL (with "?dl=1" appended).

